# Lab 3 - Greedy Programming Scheduling using Johnsons
## Requirements
-   Suppose you have several baskets of laundry to wash and dry, but only one washer and one dryer.  For each basket of laundry, you know the number of minutes to wash and the number of minutes to dry.  To minimize the total time (the makespan), you could use https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson%27s_rule to reorder the baskets
-   To implement Johnson’s rule efficiently, it is convenient to first order the baskets witha sort that uses the smaller of the two times for each basketas the key.  You may do the sort in any way you wish, but you are encouraged to use qsort()from the standard C library.  The actual implementation of Johnson’s rule should take linear time.
-   Write a C program to read the two times for each basket, perform the sort, then apply Johnson’s rule, and finally print details of the schedule.  The first line of the input will be n, the number of baskets.  Each of remaining nlines will contain a pair of non-negative integers for a basket’s washing and drying times.  The baskets will have indices from 0 to n-1 to correspond to the order in which they are read.Like lab 1, input is to be read from standard input.
-   The schedule should be printed with one output line per basket with the following details in this order:  index, washing time, drying time, start time on the washer, start time on the dryer.Note that the schedule starts at time 0. If the dryer is ever idle between two baskets, you should print a line that indicates when the gap starts and finishes.After printing the entire schedule, you should print the makespan.